README.md, before:

# qualos
<img align="right" width="285" height="71" src="https://pickingname.github.io/icons/qualos/qualos_logo.png">

Website that shows the most recent earthquake in a map using p2pquake API.

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/pickingname/qualos/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/pickingname/qualos)
##### [https://qualos.info](https://qualos.info)

![appPreview](https://github.com/pickingname/qualos/assets/115550149/a9fa2290-3929-4f80-9101-44adfa0b41c1)

---
### About the Credits

At the bottom left corner of the screen, you'll notice credits displayed. You have permission to remove these credits using the browser's developer tools (F12). However, please note that the credits are essential to acknowledge and verify the work done. Thank you for understanding.

---

### Features

- Displays real-time earthquake information sourced from the [p2pquake API](https://www.p2pquake.net/develop/json_api_v2/).
- Renders a banner showing details such as epicenter location, maximum intensity, depth, time, and magnitude.
- Shows intensity measured from stations on a map as a circle icon.
- Displays intensity reports; if intensity exceeds 3, it highlights prefectures with intensity levels using a square icon instead of a circle.
- Shows P and S wave information during an active earthquake using the Yahoo API.
- Light / Dark theme support. (Applied automatically based on the system's theme)

---

### Development

To get started with development:

1. Clone this repository.
2. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
3. Start the development server with `npm run dev`.
4. Open [localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) (or the address shown by Vite in the terminal) in your browser.

Commit message:

docs: removed logo, added inspiration and limitations

README.md, after:

# qualos
[unused logo]: <> (<img align="right" width="285" height="71" src="https://pickingname.github.io/icons/qualos/qualos_logo.png">)

A website that shows the most recent earthquake in a map using p2pquake API.

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/pickingname/qualos/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/pickingname/qualos)
##### [https://qualos.info](https://qualos.info)

![appPreview](https://github.com/pickingname/qualos/assets/115550149/a9fa2290-3929-4f80-9101-44adfa0b41c1)

---
### Inspiration

This app was developed as an alternative to [quarog](https://fuku1213.github.io/quarog-site/), serving as a web-based remake of the original. We extend our gratitude to the original creator for the app's concept. Please note that this app is not affiliated with the original app's creator.

---

### Limitations
- Cannot display tsunami lines
- Cannot display the live data from the stations
- Cannot display the english name when the EEW is issued
- Camera movement is not good enough

---

### Features

- Displays real-time earthquake information sourced from the [p2pquake API](https://www.p2pquake.net/develop/json_api_v2/).
- Renders a banner showing details such as epicenter location, maximum intensity, depth, time, and magnitude.
- Shows intensity measured from stations on a map as a circle icon.
- Displays intensity reports; if intensity exceeds 3, it highlights prefectures with intensity levels using a square icon instead of a circle.
- Shows P and S wave information during an active earthquake using the Yahoo API.
- Light / Dark theme support. (Applied automatically based on the system's theme)

---

### Development

To get started with development:

1. Clone this repository.
2. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
3. Start the development server with `npm run dev`.
4. Open [localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) (or the address shown by Vite in the terminal) in your browser.
